{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Problem 1.2\
\
1. 
\b0 Driven by the overall goal to make humans a multi-planetary species and colonize Mars, the tech mogul Elon Musk has revolutionized the car, solar and space industries as the CEO of Tesla, SolarCity and SpaceX. This eBook aims to give a small impression of Elon Musk\'92s childhood, studies and work at his first two start-ups Zip2 and PayPal, all of which together put him in a position to tackle problems of global importance by founding Tesla, SolarCity and SpaceX. \
The biggest share of the eBook should elaborate on Elon Musk\'92s achievements in and with the three companies listed above and in which directions these companies will be heading in the near future. \
\

\b 2. 
\b0 The eBook should have a cover picture, followed by an empty page. After that, there should be a table of contents that lists the chapters of the eBook. Clicking on the name of a chapter should navigate the reader to said chapter. These hyperlinks should be visualized by underlining. The name of a chapter should be in a bigger font and different color. Images with pictures of Elon Musk and his products should be included in the text. All of the pictures should have legends in a smaller font than the main text. The images should be listed in the table of contents and should be found by clicking on the hyperlink.}